Country Roads

Implementation of the outcomes:

Through the code, we had implemented the outcomes expected for the project. For example, the car addresses physics-based simulations and lighting with its controls. Some concepts had to be altered and done differently, though, because of time constraints and the need for alternate solutions. Less events were created. We ended up with 3 normal events (deer, fallen tree, fog), 4 supernatural events (Ghost child, ghost hitchhiker, ghost musician and ghost car) as well as 3 sanity events (blood splatter, bright light, talkative radio host), instead of 5 or 6 events per category. Procedural generation worked, but the roads were so long that people weren't able to reach the end. Procedural event generation worked, but there are still small bugs with some events and rotations. Physics-based lighting was used for the car lights and the bright light sanity event, and physics-based simulations were used to do the car controls. Difficulty management was used to determine the frequency of events, and some events react differently on what the player is doing. Modeling of non-player characters was used for the events and their behavior.

Parts people were proud of:

Jessica: I'm pretty glad on how the BrightLight script turned out, with all the features required of it, and that it runs correctly when implemented. It was satisfying being able to adjust the intensity effects of the orb and alter its appearance, then seeing immediate results for it.

Julia: I'm pretty happy how the event generation turned out. Not everything is perfect, but overall, after all the work throughout the project, it was good to see that the events somehow worked. It was great to be able to create events that are different based on the player's actions, and it was satisfying to see that I was capable of programming it.

Bianca: I am really proud of my road generation. It was a set up from my last project and now the bar is raised for the next project I plan to work on. This is definately the project I plan to reference to when working on another generation script. Plus the added restrait of trying not to have the road loop on itself was a mountain to cross over but led to a huge accomplishment. Granted with more time I can make it even better to hopefully having mountains form around the road for a future side project to country roads. 

Alex:
